MTA-7237 - CLI installation (#385)
migtools/mta-documentation: assemblies/cli-guide/assembly_analyzing-applications-mta-cli.adoc

** Enter a series of `--analyze` commands, each against an application and each generating a separate report.
** Use the `--bulk` option to analyze multiple applications at once and generate a single report. Note that this feature is a Developer Preview feature only.

> * Run the analysis for Java applications in containerless mode (the default). The CLI uses containerless mode automatically when all requirements are met. For applications written in languages other than Java, or when using transformation commands, the analysis runs in container mode.

Author: ```suggestion
* Run the analysis for Java applications in containerless mode, which is the default. The CLI uses containerless mode automatically when all requirements are met. For applications that are written in languages other than Java, or when you use transformation commands, the analysis runs in container mode.
```
